All right, awesome, so
let's move on to Problem 3,
I really did wanna get
through a lot of this.
So are you guys, is Rust interesting?
Is Go interesting?
How do you feel about Go?
We haven't talked much about Go.
Go is really simple, right?
Everything you think you should be
able to do it just does it, right?
That's why I said Joe is gonna refer to
as the working man's language because
anyone can just get up there and
just start typing Go and
be largely successful
with almost no knowledge.
You may not be as idiomatic as possible,
but it will still run fairly fast.
You will likely run into zero foot guns,
and you may write a little too much
boilerplate, that's about it,
so it's a pretty nice language.
All right, so let's move on.
Last question, I just wanted to do
one more, but this one's from 2020,
cuz I think this one's a pretty fun one,
it gets us a little bit
more into something unique.
So again, Mr. Santa, thank you,
here's a link to it.
So you're given this as you're
following input, and you want to be
able to take this and you are gonna
ride a toboggan, a sled down this and
see how many trees you will hit
if you go one down, three over.
One down, three over, one down three over,
and it wraps over and over and over again.
So it just goes on infinitely this way.
So I mean, these problems tend to be
really hard if you don't have a good
strategy going into it, but
this one I think, will be fairly easy.
So here's our initial input.
So if you're on the website,
you can grab that right down copy,
cuz you know we're going
to use it shortly.
And a pound sign is a tree.
A dot A piece of snow.
So here's our example input,
you don't need to get the size,
we should just be able to parse this.
And we need to travel three right,
one down and
count how many trees
we hit starting at 00.
So, and you can make the assumption
that this direction is positive y,
and this direction is positive x,